Recipe App

The Recipe App is a user-friendly application that allows users to manage their recipes seamlessly. This README file provides comprehensive information on running the app, its features, installation instructions, and more.

Features

Add Recipes: Easily add new recipes with details such as name, ingredients, and preparation steps.
Edit Recipes: Modify existing recipes to update ingredients, steps, or other information.
Delete Recipes: Remove recipes from your collection when they're no longer needed.
View Recipes: View recipe details in a clear and organized format.
Filter Recipes: Filter recipes based on ingredients, food groups, or calorie limits.
Pie Chart Visualization: Visualize food group percentages in a menu using an interactive pie chart.
Installation
git clone https://github.com/AsemahleNonkwelo/Recipe-App/new/main 
Open in Visual Studio: Open the project in Visual Studio by double-clicking the solution file (RecipeApp.sln).

Restore Packages: Build the solution to restore NuGet packages automatically.

Run the Application: Press F5 or click the "Start" button in Visual Studio to run the application.

Usage

Adding a Recipe:

Click on the "Add Recipe" button to open the add recipe window.
Enter the recipe name, ingredients (separated by commas), and preparation steps (also separated by commas).
Click "Save" to add the recipe to your collection.
Editing a Recipe:

Select a recipe from the list and click "Edit Recipe" to modify its details.
Update the information in the edit recipe window and click "Save" to apply the changes.
Deleting a Recipe:

Select a recipe from the list and click "Delete Recipe" to remove it from your collection.
Viewing a Recipe:

Select a recipe from the list and click "View Recipe" to see its details.
Filtering Recipes:

Click on the "Filter Recipes" button to open the filter window.
Enter criteria such as ingredient, food group, or maximum calories to filter the recipe list.
Click "Apply Filter" to see the filtered recipes.

Credits

Icons used in the application were sourced from Iconfinder.
License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
